Strictly Come Dancing is back and this
is your weekly 60-second recap bringing
you the weekends hottest action in just
four minutes seven hopefuls performed on
Friday and the remaining seven took to
the floor on Saturday the couples were
given either a waltz or a cha-cha-cha to
master there was magic
gymnastics trips slips and even a burn
despite no one going home this week the
pressure was still on the judges scores
have been carried over to next week when
one of the couples will be crashing out
of the competition the 14 couples have
just one week to perfect the dance that
will save them from elimination but who
will Samba through to week 3 and who
will rise and fall out of Strictly Come
Dancing 2010 tune in next Saturday
BBC want to find out